“Being rich is having money; being wealthy is having time.” — Margaret Bonanno
“The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything.” ― Theodore Roosevelt
“A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.” ― Colin Powell
“Money, like emotions, is something you must control to keep your life on the right track.” ― Natasha Munson
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” ― Walt Disney
“A formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.” ― Jim Rohn
“Timing, perseverance, and 10 years of trying will eventually make you look like an overnight success.” ― Biz Stone (co-founder of Twitter)
“Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.” ― Steve Jobs
“There is no passion to be found playing small—in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.” ― Nelson Mandela
“Patience and diligence, like faith, remove mountains.” ― William Penn
“The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.” ― Harry Golden
“Don’t live the same day over and over again and call that a life. Life is about evolving mentally, spiritually, and emotionally.” ― Germany Kent
“To live is to choose. But to choose well, you must know who you are and what you stand for, where you want to go and why you want to get there.” ― Kofi Annan
“Financial freedom is available to those who learn about it and work for it.” ― Robert Kiyosaki
“The greatest wealth is to live content with little.” ― Plato
“Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.” ― Tony Robbins
“We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.” ― Jesse Owens
“Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.” ― Gloria Steinem
“If you want to be financially free, you need to become a different person than you are today and let go of whatever has held you back in the past.” — Robert Kiyosaki
“It’s not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.” ― Seneca
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.” ― Brian Tracy
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret to getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks and then starting on the first one.” ― Mark Twain
“Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.” ― Pablo Picasso
“It’s better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.” ― Jackie Joyner-Kersee
“A good plan, violently executed now, is better than a perfect plan next week.” ― George Patton
“Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage.” —Thomas J. Stanley
“Be bold enough to use your voice, brave enough to listen to your heart, and strong enough to live the life you have always imagined.” ― Anonymous
“Knowledge is power: you hear it all the time but knowledge is not power. It’s only potential power. It only becomes power when we apply it and use it. Somebody who reads a book and doesn’t apply it, they’re at no advantage over someone who’s illiterate. None of it works unless you work. We have to do our part. If knowing is half the battle, action is the second half of the battle.” ― Jim Kwik
“Belief in oneself and knowing who you are … that's the foundation for everything great.” ― Jay-Z
“Spending money is much more difficult than making money.” ― Jack Ma
“To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.” ― David Bailey